hello everyone you test lab
audi computer and a vladimir smirnov
some time ago we
introduced you to 13 inch laptops
ideapad yoga 13 tablet
from lenovo today in our hands
his younger model
11 inch format lenovo ideapad yoga
11s
delivery package ultrabook unit itself
power 45 watt cable for
him and a set of instructions interfaces on in
The left side is a connector for
wired stereo headset connections
yuesby port version 30 digital video output
hdmi connector one of two
stereo speakers
dual volume button
there is a button on the front end
returning a laptop with a factory
settings on / off button
device indicator light and
battery charge indicator on
two holes that hide
stereo microphone and on the right side
there is a button blocking coup
screen 2 stereo speaker usb connector
version 2 0 universal card reader and
proprietary connector for power supply
on the back there are only slots
open cooling systems
we see on the laptop a camera with
1 megapixel resolution below the screen with
11.6 diagonal resolution of 1366 to 768
matrix made by technology ah-ips
under the screen windows button bottom panel
covered with a nice touch not slippery
material resembling coating
soft touch under the keyboard is
pretty large touchpad
dimensions of the ultrabook in the closed state
298 by 204 by 17 2 millimeters weight 1
kilogram 400 grams technical
characteristics of the process you nuclear intel
core i3 3220 9 at regular clock
frequency of 1 and 4 gigahertz operational
4 gigabyte memory standard ddr3 with
clock frequency of 1600 megahertz and
and the possibility of increasing to 8 gigabytes
128 solid state hard drive
gigabyte graphics card integrated into
intel hd graphics 4000 processor
wireless interfaces wi-fi by g and
bluetooth version 40 battery 4
draw lithium ion operating
64-bit windows 8 single system
and which is functional in terms of this model
completely copy their older brother
thanks to a screen that can open
360 degrees
the device can in a few moments
transform from ultrabook tablet with
intermediate options
called by the console manufacturers themselves
and presentation in any mode except
ultra trained keyboard are locked
and the device is controlled
through 10 and point multitouch
screen words in the screen he i am sachin cancer and
possesses proper gps matrices
good viewing angles
photos are a pleasure and given
usually doing the job
stereo speakers viewing pleasure
films on this device we also
undoubtedly get to go to
testing for a start assessment itself
systems and she rated the performance
laptop 4 and a half points by putting
minimum score for performance
desktop graphics
synthetic performance test
cis system and r11 5 set system
one point nine hundredth
single-threaded processor for the superpi test
32m completed in 23 minutes thirty
six point nine hundred ninety five
thousandths of a second
test as close to real
tasks built-in winrar 50
determined the archiving speed in 2426
kilobytes per second graphical test
3dmark 2006 rated performance
system in 3470 points graphic test
3dmark 2011 in performance mode set
four hundred seventy two points
synthetic test aida 64
here is a table with its results and finally
with battery life for this
test we turned off all wireless
interfaces
set the screen brightness to medium
position and launched a movie in such
mode
ultrabook lasted just under 6 hours
good result let's sum up lenovo
ideapad yoga 11s
a worthy successor to the yoga series
easy transformation from ultrabooks
tablet running familiar
windows 8 bribes options
complete set also for every taste and
pocket reduced to 11 inches
form factor with all that implies
dimensions and weight allows no problem
put the device away even in the women's bag
goodbye